README.md, before:

# terradia-frontend

How to use the dockerfile:

You have to get a docker hub account, its free !

    sudo docker login

**First download it**

    sudo docker run -it -d flopic/terradia-frontend 

**Then run it**

     sudo docker run -d -p 3003:3000 flopic/terradia-frontend:latest

**Run it in web browser**

    localhost:3003


Source for the dockerfile: https://medium.com/@khwsc1/a-simple-react-next-js-app-development-on-docker-6f0bd3f78c2c

# FrontEnd Web

This repository is about the web part of [Terradia](http://terradia.eu/) (terradia-frontend)

## How to push on this repository
### Commit
For the different commit, we follow the [AngularJS Commit Message Conventions](https://gist.github.com/stephenparish/9941e89d80e2bc58a153)
First, you have to add the different files that you want to push. Then use `git cz` to  commit. It will run [Commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli) and you'll be prompted to fill in any required fields and your commit messages will be formatted according to the standards defined by project maintainers.

See the example below.
![Add and commit with Commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli/raw/master/meta/screenshots/add-commit.png)

### Push & Pull Request
After your commit, you can push on your branch and squash all your commit before creating your pull request. It allows to Github to set automatically the comments that you have added with commitizen. 
Don't forget to request at least one others group's members as a reviewer for your pull request.
When you have verified all your informations, you can create the pull request.

All the pull request have to be from your branch towards dev. **Every pull request towards master  will be rejected.**

Commit message:

docs(readme): added information about how to commit
now precise that you need to install commitizen to be able to commit on the repository

README.md, after:

# terradia-frontend

How to use the dockerfile:

You have to get a docker hub account, its free !

    sudo docker login

**First download it**

    sudo docker run -it -d flopic/terradia-frontend

**Then run it**

     sudo docker run -d -p 3003:3000 flopic/terradia-frontend:latest

**Run it in web browser**

    localhost:3003


Source for the dockerfile: https://medium.com/@khwsc1/a-simple-react-next-js-app-development-on-docker-6f0bd3f78c2c

# FrontEnd Web

This repository is about the web part of [Terradia](http://terradia.eu/) (terradia-frontend)

## How to push on this repository


First of all, you need to install commitizen :

     npm install -g commitizen

To be sure to be able to commit on the repo, you need to have all dependencies installed. run :

     npm install

at the root of the repository.

### Commit
For the different commit, we follow the [AngularJS Commit Message Conventions](https://gist.github.com/stephenparish/9941e89d80e2bc58a153)
First, you have to add the different files that you want to push. Then use `git cz` to  commit. It will run [Commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli) and you'll be prompted to fill in any required fields and your commit messages will be formatted according to the standards defined by project maintainers.

See the example below.
![Add and commit with Commitizen](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli/raw/master/meta/screenshots/add-commit.png)

### Push & Pull Request

After your commit, you can push on your branch and squash all your commit before creating your pull request. It allows to Github to set automatically the comments that you have added with commitizen.
Don't forget to request at least one others group's members as a reviewer for your pull request.
When you have verified all your informations, you can create the pull request.

All the pull request have to be from your branch towards dev. **Every pull request towards master  will be rejected.**
